[a11y] Add action and option list accessibility docs (#1365)
Shopify/polaris-react: src/components/OptionList/README.md

  [use the choice list component](/components/forms/choice-list)
- For a basic version of option list as a single choice menu,
  [use the select component](/components/forms/select)

---

## Accessibility

<!-- content-for: android -->

See Material Design and development documentation about accessibility for Android:

- [Accessible design on Android](https://material.io/design/usability/accessibility.html)
- [Accessible development on Android](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/ui/accessibility/)

<!-- /content-for -->

<!-- content-for: ios -->

See Apple’s Human Interface Guidelines and API documentation about accessibility for iOS:

- [Accessible design on iOS](https://developer.apple.com/design/human-interface-guidelines/ios/app-architecture/accessibility/)
- [Accessible development on iOS](https://developer.apple.com/accessibility/ios/)

<!-- /content-for -->

<!-- content-for: web -->

Items in an option list are organized as list items (`<li>`) in an unordered list (`<ul>`) and are conveyed as a group of related elements to assistive technology users.

> Controls in simple options lists are [buttons](/components/actions/button), and controls in multiple option lists are [checkboxes](/components/forms/checkbox).

Reviewer: Changing to `option` to match with ![alt](https://screenshot.click/25-45-pr50y-37tcw.jpg)

```suggestion
Controls in simple option lists are [buttons](/components/actions/button), and controls in multiple option lists are [checkboxes](/components/forms/checkbox).
```

> If you wish to customize the option list, you can provide ARIA roles that fit your purpose. These roles must be valid according to the [W3C ARIA specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/) to be conveyed correctly to screen reader users.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if these wording suggestions change the intended message?

```suggestion
If you customize the option list, you can provide ARIA roles that fit the context. These roles must be valid according to the [W3C ARIA specification](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/) to be conveyed correctly to screen reader users.
```
